# Topic: Cookie
## Cookies are simple text files that contain two pieces of information: a website name and a unique identifier of some sort. This identifier could be a number or an alphanumeric string.
When we  visit a cookie-using website for the first time, it places a cookie in your web browser. When we  visit this website again, it looks for the cookie so that it can tell whether you have visited before and how to best improve our experience for our latest visit. 
# For example, the first time we  visit a website, it might show us a message that welcomes you to the site and shows us how to find our way around via some simple instructions. Now, suppose we go back a couple of weeks later, the website knows we have been there before (via the cookie in your browser) so it shows us a 'welcome back' message instead.

These cookies helps a website to do a number of things to improve our experience each time we visit. The site gathers information on each of our visits and uses this information to learn what your browsing preferences or our areas of interest are. 
# For instance, a new site could reorder itself to show us sports and regional news higher up the page because it knows that these are the pages us tend to browse first. Or, a shopping website could show us products from the last category you were browsing on your previous visit. The cookie tells the site that you were looking for a pair of jeans on your last visit , but we left without buying any. On our next visit, the website uses this information to infer that we  might still be looking for a pair of jeans, so it is trying to be helpful by saving our time and showing us what we were last looking for.
